see poof heart hey guys here's he will
part hey guys on Carl's
today we'll be fishing a Sea Wolf Park
that guy's gonna be just too light watch
hey guys it's me Brian here at my suit
my super secret spot here it is y'all
super secret spot stay tuned to see what
we can do try to play catch with this
video put him in the cooler
oh there's some right there
they mushroom
mmm-hmm trick is get the shrimp right in
front of them people
here's okay yeah she will part sheep in
folks freeze on the trip I got off no no
no this is where am i spot right here
this uh go to the side me
you ain't even there now oh here they
are
I got one yeah he's eating it
shot shut the hook let him eat it I'm
let him eat it no no he's got it
you
told you someone got an it watch out let
me get to the rocks yep yep
yeah God
oh she will talk cheap how you do it
I already lost two but I got one now
internet you've seen that internet ghost
got number two for today y'all see me
lose to see me get two I'm not getting
on the camera but I've got it
special secret Bateman
see this what
hey that cooler is full there's mostly
me and Andy you know Zandt and Charles
too so hit me up me up me oh that's all
right sorry
ha ha ha cool thank you
jogging point
huh I lost the sheep head yeah oh yeah
give me one manse let me have one
oh well are you getting mad at me come
let me see that
oh yeah I'm staying cha we staying all
night
secret bait hermit crab here's what okay
a big one I know the biggest one in mind
uh that one hold up this one's mine I
think
and if mine was what the very beginning
one of the first ones this one there
this one's wrong I caught two